## Lab 3 Questions (Object Oriented Concept & Inheritances)

1. Create a class Employee with the instance variables name, age, salary. Create getters and setters. Create a test class and create an object of Employee class, then set and print the employee details.
2. Create a class Student with the instance variables name, age, faculty. Create properties for all the fields. Create a test class and create a student object set the details and display the details of the stuident.
3. WAP to print the area of rectangle by creating a class named "Area" taking the values of its length and breadth as parameters of its constructors and having a method named GetArea() which returns the area of rectangle. Length and breadth of rectangle are entered through the keyboard.
4. Create a class Person with firstName, lastName, age. Create a parametereized constructor to initialize the varibales and a method void showInfo() to display person details. Create a class Student which is sub class of Person and add the field String faculty Override the method showInfo() to display faculty. Create a class Teacher which is a sub class of Person and add the field double salary. Override the method showInfo() to display salary. Provide a test class.
5. Create a class Shape with two instance variables dim1 and dim2 that represents any two dimensions. Create a parameterized constructor to initialize the variables. Create an abstract method Area(). Create two sub-classes Rectangle and Triangle. Provide the main class. Show Area of Rectangle and Triangle.